How to Make Fried Ice Cream. If you like ordering
this tasty, hot-and-cold treat at restaurants,
now you can whip it up yourself any time.
You will need 1 qt. vanilla ice cream 3 egg
whites 3 c. crushed cereal Vegetable oil A
baking sheet Parchment paper An ice cream
scoop Dessert dishes 3 c. cookie crumbs (optional)
3 c. sweetened coconut flakes (optional) 3
c. chopped walnuts (optional) ¼ tsp. salt
(optional) Cinnamon (optional) Honey (optional)
Whipped cream (optional) Chocolate sauce (optional)
and cherries (optional). Step 1. Line a baking
sheet with parchment paper. Step 2. Scoop
eight balls of vanilla ice cream onto the
lined baking sheet and put it in the freezer
for an hour, until the ice cream is solid.
Step 3. Whip the egg whites in a medium bowl
until they are foamy. Put the crushed cereal
in another bowl. Use cookie crumbs, coconut
flakes, or chopped walnuts instead of or in
addition the cereals. Step 4. Remove the ice
cream from the freezer and roll each ball
in the egg whites, then in the cereal, and
then place them back on the baking sheet.
Make your fried ice cream extra crispy by
dipping each ice cream ball in the eggs and
cereal a second time. Step 5. Return the baking
sheet to the freezer for at least three more
hours, until the balls are frozen. Step 6.
Add 4 inches vegetable oil to a Dutch oven
or large pot and heat it to 375 degrees. Add
¼ teaspoon of salt to the oil just before
frying to keep it from splattering. Step 7.
Fry the frozen ice cream balls until they're
golden brown, about 1 minute. Then place them
in dessert dishes and garnish them with cinnamon,
honey, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and
a cherry. Did you know The Roman emperor Nero
often served sweetened snow as a dessert during
his lavish feasts.